feat(github): Add 3 CIS checks: 1.1.3, 1.1.8, 1.1.10 (#4003)
bridgecrewio/checkov: docs/6.Contribution/Contribute New GitHub Policies.md

class GithubBranchEnforceAdmins(BranchSecurity):
    def __init__(self):

>         name = "Ensure GitHub branch protection rules is enforced on admins"  
>          id = "CKV_GITHUB_8"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        name = "Ensure GitHub branch protection rules is enforced on admins"
        id = "CKV_GITHUB_8"
```

>         name = "Ensure GitHub branch protection rules is enforced on admins - CIS 0.0.0"  # if it's a CIS check- fill the currect numbering
>          id = "CKV_GITHUB_8"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        name = "Ensure GitHub branch protection rules is enforced on admins - CIS 0.0.0"  # if it's a CIS check - add the corresponding number
        id = "CKV_GITHUB_8"
```
